I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Bicycles!
It is a Iovely, sunny day,
and Peppa and George are
riding their bicycles.
That's a fine pumpkin,
Daddy Pig!
Daddy Pig is very proud of
his pumpkin.
Pumpkins are the only thing
I can grow.
Probably because
I love pumpkin pie!
Come on, George.
Danny, Suzy, Rebecca!
Peppa and her friends,
Danny Dog, Suzy Sheep
and Rebecca Rabbit,
are riding their bicycles.
George is riding his tricycle.
He's going so slowly.
Let's race to
Daddy Pig's pumpkin.
lf We race to Daddy's Pumpkin,
We have to be very careful
not to bump into it.
Daddy Would be very sad
if the pumpkin got broken.
Don't Worry, Peppa..
Race you!
Peppa and her friends are
racing to Daddy Pig's pumpkin!
Hey! Watch out for my pumpkin!!
Hurray!
Peppa! Look out!
Daddy's Pumpkin!!!!
Sorry, Daddy!
Look at George!
He's going so slowly!
George is still
riding a baby bike!
Yours is
a baby bike, too, Peppa!
You've still got stabilizers!
I can ride Without my stabilizers.
Me, too.
And me.
Let's ride up the hill again!
Are you coming, Peppa?
No, I think I'll stay here.
See you later!
Bye!
Peppa Wishes she did not have
stabilizers on her bicycle.
Daddy, I don't Want stabilizers anymore.
Do you think you can ride
Without them?
Yes.
Alright, Peppa. Let's take them off.
Daddy Pig is taking the stabilizers
off Peppa's bicycle.
Are you sure you Want to
ride Without stabilizers?
Yes!
You've never done it before.
I can do it. I can! I can!
Arrgh!
It's not funny!
Riding Without stabilizers
is not easy.
Would you like some help,
Peppa?
Yes, please, Daddy.
Alright. Ready...
Steady... Go!
Don't let go, Daddy!
Don't Worry. I've got you.
You're doing really Well, Peppa.
Hold on, Daddy!
Just keep peddling.
Peppa is riding on her own,
Without stabilizers!
Daddy! You let go!
You've been cycling
on your own for ages.
Have I?
You're really very good at it!
Am I?
Oh, I can do it! Look at me!
Look at me! I can ride my bike properly.
Danny! Suzy! Rebecca! Look!
I don't need my stabilizers
anymore! Look at me!
Hurray!
Race you to Daddy's pumpkin!
Wheeeee!
Peppa, look out my pumpkin!
I'm going to Win!
Peppa isn't looking
Where she is going!
Wahhhh! Oops!
Oh, dear, Peppa has squashed
Daddy Pig's pumpkin!
Sorry I squashed
your pumpkin, Daddy.
Never mind the pumpkin.
The important thing is
that you are okay.
ln future, you really must look
Where you are going.
I promise I Will, Daddy.
Good. Anyway,
now the pumpkin is broken,
I can make it
into pumpkin pie!
I love pumpkin pie!
And because Daddy Pig's
pumpkin is so big,
there Will be enough
pumpkin pie for everyone!
Hurray!